---
misc: misc
title: 73RM1N415-719-0F-7H3-D4Y {script}
---
<p>Every now and then, it is useful to record the input and output of your terminal. Maybe<br />
you are setting something up or maybe you just think you will need to reference your work at<br />
a later date. Whatever the case may be, lots of Linux users have had a situation at some point<br />
in which they wish they could have saved those hours worth of work in the terminal to a file.</p>
<p>Well lucky for you, there is a super easy way to do just that. Most Linux distros come with a<br />
program called 'script'. Script will save all the input and output of your terminal to a file in the<br />
current working directory. The default file is called 'typescript' but you can specify your own<br />
output file by using specifying the filename.<br />
EX: script [filename]
<p>Let's say that you already have a saved script that you would like to add data to. You can<br />
do this by specifying the '-a' option which will append the new data to an existing script.<br />
EX: script -a [existing script]</p>
<p>If you would like to record the output of a single command without an interactive shell, you<br />
specify the '-c' or '--command' option.<br />
EX: script -c [command] [filename]
This will run only the command specified and then end the script. You can also use '-q'<br />
to prevent script from outputing start and finish messages to the script and stdout. The<br />
'-t' option will display the timing data to stderr or to a file if specified using '--timing[=file]'.<br />
Two numbers will be displayed. The first field indicates how much time elapsed since the previous<br />
output. The second field indicates how many characters were output this time.</p>
<p>For more options for script, check out the script manpage. {man script}</p>
