---
misc: misc
title: 73RM1N415-719-0F-7H3-D4Y {sleep & timeout}
---
<p>Every now and then you may want to run a command that runs for (n) seconds and then stops. Or<br />
you may want to wait (n) seconds before the command is executed. Today I am going to tell you about<br />
two very easy to use and very basic terminal commands that every Linux user should know about.</p>
<p>timeout and sleep. Neither of these commands have a lot of options and both are very easy to use.<br />
We will start with sleep.<br />Let's say that I wanted to say 'Hello' to another user in 30 seconds.<br />
I could do it like this using the sleep command to wait and then either 'wall' or 'echo' to send the message.<br />
sleep 30s; wall -n "Hello [username]!"<br />
or<br />
sleep 30s; echo "Hello [username]!" > /dev/pts/3</p>
<p>The '-n' that I used with the 'wall' command is to prevent it from printing the banner along with<br />
my message to the user. The second example can only be run as a root user. If you are not root you will<br />
not have write access to the /dev/pts files unless you were given permission by the administrator in advance.</p>
<p>The other command that I wanted to talk about today, timeout, is another great command for those<br />
times when you have to run a command or program that doesn't terminate on it's own {runs in a loop}.<br />
timeout is also pretty simple to use. For example if I wanted to run airodump-ng for 1 minute and then terminate<br />
the program, I could specify the time and command to run with timeout like this;<br />
timeout 1m airodump-ng [interface]<br />
or<br />
timeout 60s airodump-ng [interface]<br />
You can specify the time with timeout in a number of ways.<br />
*From the timeout help page {timeout --help}*<br />
DURATION is a floating point number with an optional suffix:<br />
's' for seconds (the default), 'm' for minutes, 'h' for hours or 'd' for days.<br />
</p>
<p>timeout also offers us a few other options:<br />
*From the timeout help page {timeout --help}*<br />
Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.<br />
<p>
<ul>
<li>      --preserve-status<br />
                 exit with the same status as COMMAND, even when the<br />
                   command times out</li><br /><br />
<li>      --foreground<br />
                 when not running timeout directly from a shell prompt,<br />
                   allow COMMAND to read from the TTY and get TTY signals;<br />
                   in this mode, children of COMMAND will not be timed out</li><br /><br />
<li>  -k, --kill-after=DURATION<br />
                 also send a KILL signal if COMMAND is still running<br />
                   this long after the initial signal was sent</li><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />
<li>  -s, --signal=SIGNAL<br />
                 specify the signal to be sent on timeout;<br />
                   SIGNAL may be a name like 'HUP' or a number;<br />
                   see 'kill -l' for a list of signals</li><br /><br />
<li>      --help     display this help and exit</li><br /><br />
<li>      --version  output version information and exit</li><br /><br />
</ul></p>
<p>So there you have two great commands to help with the flow of your programs and or scripts. Used correctly, these<br />
can be excellent tools to help automate your daily operations in the terminal.<br />
If you enjoyed this article, take a look around our site at some of our other tips and tutorials.</p>
<p align="left">Author: 73RM1N41@Program13</p>
