---
layout: post
title: New-MAC-On-Boot
---
<p>I ran into a problem a few months ago with macchanger on Kali Linux. The problem<br />
was that I could manually change my MAC address with macchanger but it would automatically<br />
change back to my real MAC address everytime I connected to a network I had connected to before.</p>
<p>After doing a little research I figured out that the MAC address I had used to connect<br />
to a network in the past, was stored in a file called system-connections and was being called <br />
on by network-manager everytime I reconnected.</p>
<p>Now I had to find a way to change the MAC address specified in this file to the random MAC<br />
that was generated by macchanger.<br />
<p>Today we are going to go through the steps to have our system create a new MAC address<br />
for us when our system boots, and then change the MAC address in the system-connections<br />
file to match our spoofed MAC address so that it doesn't get changed when we reconnect to the<br />
network with network-manager.</p>
<p>In this tutorial we will be creating a service on our system that uses a python program<br />
we will be writting and a bash script that we will create later on. <br />
It is recommended that you have a little bit of programming or scripting experience before completing<br />
this tutorial although it is not required. I will attempt to explain everything that is going<br />
on so you can understand exactly what it is your system is doing when the MAC address is changed.</p>
<h2 style="text-align: left">Prerequisites</h2>
<p align="left">For this tutorial you will need to have:
<ul>
<li>A PC Running Kali Linux2.0</li><br /><br />
<li>Python2.7  <sup>apt-get install python2.7</sup></li><br /><br />
<li>macchanger  <sup>apt-get install macchanger</sup></li><br /><br />
</ul>
</p>
