---
layout: post
title: Getting-Around-GitHub-Browser-Version-Error-On-Android
---
I have been trying for three or four days now to get an Android app connected to my GitHub repo. The problem was, no matter what app I chose, I kept getting this error when I tried to login."GitHub no longer supports your web browser. We recommend upgrading to the latest Google Chrome or Firefox." So, naturally the first thing I do is check my browser version and try to update Google Chrome on my Android phone. 'Browser is already the newest version'. Well that sucks... Let's just download Firefox and see if that will work.<br /> After downloading the Firefox Browser app from the Play Store, I tried to login to the app again. I still got the same error. After spending quite sometime online trying to find a solution, I tried one last time to login to the app. Luckily for me, I lost cell phone service before the GitHub authorization page loaded and instead I got the standard Android 'Page not found' error. At the bottom of the page was the url of the GitHub authorization page.<br />I copied the url and pasted it in my Google Chrome browser and like magic, it worked. I authorized the app from my browser then went back to the app to see if I was able to login. It worked like a charm. So to see if I could make it work again, I downloaded yet another 'GitHub' app (please note that GitHub does not have an official Android app that I am aware of.) After the app downloaded, I turned on airplane mode and opened the app. Again I got the url and pasted it in the browser. It worked perfectly. <br />So if you are getting a browser version error trying to login to GitHub from an Android app, turn off your data, get the url from the login page, and authorize the app from your browser. 
<p align="left">Author: 73RM1N41@Program13</p>